[Autogenerated] creating an amazon machine Image will probably
be the easiest thing we do in this course.
Seriously, in the ec two dashboard, click on instances in the left menu,
select our Pizza Hoagie instance, then click the actions.
drop-down click images and templates and then click create image.
Give the image a name like Pizza image, The instance volumes.
Just define the size of the volume needed for this image
and we can leave it set to eight GB.
Go ahead and click create and that's it.
We have an AM I now created and ready for deployment now.
The Am I take some time to be created before we can use it.
So I'll fast forward my video a few minutes here.
If we click the launch instance button and select my am eyes,
you'll see that we can now choose to launch an instance with our custom Am I?
Which means it will come with amazon Linux node,
all the no dependencies and our demo application ready to
execute now we actually want to use this.
Am I to replicate instances of our demo application. So let's set up the rest of our scalable infrastructure